In the course materials you will find the photoshop file for this course.
I only added the first five for the home page is going to be this one for kids you can select the color
and fonts and see the design that we're trying to achieve.
If you don't have photoshop you have to worry.
I already provided all the images that we need to create this website.
Also in order to pick up the colors you can see that we have this a study that estimated you can open
this and you will find the colors in there.
You can see you will find the body of the colors and that's of the color in the background.
So if you have Photoshop Don't worry you have the color right here and the files are already here.
Also to open these you will need at least Photoshop CSSA Sikhs don't read everything that you see in
this video or their course materials are going to be needed for the rest of the course.
So don't go out the photoshop file and don't let this browse folder.